# Homework Week 1
#### Henry Xu
## HW -
> Create a Markdown document, take notes about everything you have learned in first 2 classes. Make it is as detail as possible, include special characters used in the Markdown document, installation google search keywords, search result, download buttons and so on, and make sure you can do them all by yourself on a brand new laptop based on your own Markdown documents.
## Response -
> ### 06-02-2020 - 
1) I learned how to add a folder, use the terminal, use the preview, and write some code in VS Code.
2) I learned how to install things through the extensions tab.
3) I learned about another student's experience in this class, and learned about the outline of this class.

> ### 06-03-2020 -
1) I learned how to type a markdown and push the file into GitHub. (Go to the 3rd icon on the left, press the plus on the changes, and it will go to staged changes. Press the check on the top, then press the 3 dots, & select push.)
2) I learned how to solve math problems in the terminal. (type a = a number, then b = a number, and then do c = a+b, and then type c = , and the answer should be the sum of a & b)
3) I learned some of the classes in python and how to check what class something is. (Type python, then there should be a >>>. Then type(a), and it should show you <class 'int'> if it is a number without decimal. If it has a decimal, it is a float. There is also list and tuple.)
4) I learned how to get help in python with the help() code. (Type python and there should be a >>>, then type help(), and then there should be a help> in place of >>>. Then you can type, "keywords", "modules", etc.)
